Staff Product Designer
Location Bangalore, Karnātaka, IndiaJob IdR162152Posted Date 03/17/2026
Job associated with 2 categories
DesignEngineering and Product
 
 
The Opportunity

Adobe Design is looking for a visionary Staff Product Designer to join our Digital – Advertising, Learning & Publishing (D-ALP) team and shape the future of how content is created, managed, and experienced across our diverse product ecosystem.
You’ll collaborate with a multidisciplinary team to design and scale AI-powered experiences that drive engagement, creativity, and long-term customer value for millions of users worldwide.
As a design leader, you’ll define core product experiences, mentor designers, and elevate design maturity across the organization — helping reimagine the content lifecycle through the transformative lens of Generative AI.
What You’ll Do

Raise the bar on craft: Create elegant, intuitive, and cohesive experiences that transform how people create and interact with content.
Lead with vision: Define long-term product strategy and design direction; advocate for user needs using insights and data; integrate GenAI as both an enabler and a core design element.
Elevate design culture: Mentor designers, foster collaboration across disciplines, and shape design processes that enable excellence and scalability.
Drive innovation through GenAI: Leverage AI capabilities to accelerate ideation, prototyping, and experimentation in the design process.
Model Adobe values: Champion user empathy, ownership, and inclusion. Deliver meaningful impact by focusing on what matters most — doing fewer things, better.
What You’ll Bring

10+ years of product design experience with a proven record of delivering impactful, high-quality work.
Master’s degree in Design, HCI, or a related field (or equivalent experience).
Expertise in user-centered design principles and best practices for complex product ecosystems.
Experience working through ambiguity — defining north stars and shaping long-term vision (3–5 years).
Strong collaboration skills across design, product, engineering, and research.
Excellent storytelling and communication skills — able to articulate design rationale and trade-offs clearly.
Hands-on experience with emerging technologies and AI-driven design tools, from exploration to implementation.
About Adobe

Adobe empowers everyone to create through innovative platforms and tools that unleash creativity, productivity and personalized customer experiences. Adobe’s industry-leading offerings including Adobe Acrobat Studio, Adobe Express, Adobe Firefly, Creative Cloud, Adobe Experience Platform, Adobe Experience Manager, and GenStudio enable people and businesses to turn ideas into impact, powered by AI and driven by human ingenuity.

Our 30,000+ employees worldwide are creating the future and raising the bar as we drive the next decade of growth. We’re on a mission to hire the very best and believe in creating a company culture where all employees are empowered to make an impact. At Adobe, we believe that great ideas can come from anywhere in the organization. The next big idea could be yours. 


Let’s Adobe together

At Adobe, we believe in creating a company culture where all employees are empowered to make an impact. Learn more about Adobe life, including our values and culture, focus on people, purpose and community, Adobe for All, comprehensive benefits programs, the stories we tell, the customers we serve, and how you can help us advance our mission of empowering everyone to create.

Adobe is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic. Learn more.

Adobe aims to make our Careers website and recruiting process accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, email accommodations@adobe.com or call +1 408-536-3015. 

AI Use Guidelines for Interviews:
Our interviews are designed to reflect your own skills and thinking. The use of AI or recording tools during live interviews is not permitted unless explicitly invited by the interviewer or approved in advance as part of a reasonable accommodation. If these tools are used inappropriately or in a way that misrepresents your work, your application may not move forward in the process.

At Adobe, we empower employees to innovate with AI — and we look for candidates eager to do the same. As part of the hiring experience, we provide clear guidance on where AI is encouraged during the process and where it’s restricted during live interviews. See how we think about AI in the hiring experience.

 